README.md, before:

# AngularUI Router &nbsp;[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/angular-ui/ui-router.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/angular-ui/ui-router)

#### The de-facto solution to flexible routing with nested views
---
**[Download 0.2.13](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/release/angular-ui-router.js)** (or **[Minified](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/release/angular-ui-router.min.js)**) **|**
**[Guide](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki) |**
**[API](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/site) |**
**[Sample](http://angular-ui.github.com/ui-router/sample/) ([Src](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/tree/gh-pages/sample)) |**
**[FAQ](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) |**
**[Resources](#resources) |**
**[Report an Issue](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#report-an-issue) |**
**[Contribute](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribute) |**
**[Help!](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=angularjs,angular-ui-router) |**
**[Discuss](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!categories/angular-ui/router)**

---

AngularUI Router is a routing framework for [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org), which allows you to organize the
parts of your interface into a [*state machine*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine). Unlike the
[`$route` service](http://docs.angularjs.org/api/ngRoute.$route) in the Angular ngRoute module, which is organized around URL
routes, UI-Router is organized around [*states*](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki),
which may optionally have routes, as well as other behavior, attached.

States are bound to *named*, *nested* and *parallel views*, allowing you to powerfully manage your application's interface.

Check out the sample app: http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/sample/

-
**Note:** *UI-Router is under active development. As such, while this library is well-tested, the API may change. Consider using it in production applications only if you're comfortable following a changelog and updating your usage accordingly.*


## Get Started

**(1)** Get UI-Router in one of the following ways:
 - clone & [build](CONTRIBUTING.md#developing) this repository
 - [download the release](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/release/angular-ui-router.js) (or [minified](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/release/angular-ui-router.min.js))
 - via **[Bower](http://bower.io/)**: by running `$ bower install angular-ui-router` from your console
 - or via **[npm](https://www.npmjs.org/)**: by running `$ npm install angular-ui-router` from your console
 - or via **[Component](https://github.com/component/component)**: by running `$ component install angular-ui/ui-router` from your console

**(2)** Include `angular-ui-router.js` (or `angular-ui-router.min.js`) in your `index.html`, after including Angular itself (For Component users: ignore this step)

**(3)** Add `'ui.router'` to your main module's list of dependencies (For Component users: replace `'ui.router'` with `require('angular-ui-router')`)

When you're done, your setup should look similar to the following:

>
```html
<!doctype html>
<html ng-app="myApp">
<head>
    <script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.1.5/angular.min.js"></script>
    <script src="js/angular-ui-router.min.js"></script>
    <script>
        var myApp = angular.module('myApp', ['ui.router']);
        // For Component users, it should look like this:
        // var myApp = angular.module('myApp', [require('angular-ui-router')]);
    </script>
    ...
</head>
<body>
    ...
</body>
</html>
```

### [Nested States & Views](http://plnkr.co/edit/u18KQc?p=preview)

The majority of UI-Router's power is in its ability to nest states & views.

**(1)** First, follow the [setup](#get-started) instructions detailed above.

**(2)** Then, add a [`ui-view` directive](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki/Quick-Reference#ui-view) to the `<body />` of your app.

>
```html
<!-- index.html -->
<body>
    <div ui-view></div>
    <!-- We'll also add some navigation: -->
    <a ui-sref="state1">State 1</a>
    <a ui-sref="state2">State 2</a>
</body>
```

**(3)** You'll notice we also added some links with [`ui-sref` directives](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki/Quick-Reference#ui-sref). In addition to managing state transitions, this directive auto-generates the `href` attribute of the `<a />` element it's attached to, if the corresponding state has a URL. Next we'll add some templates. These will plug into the `ui-view` within `index.html`. Notice that they have their own `ui-view` as well! That is the key to nesting states and views.

>
```html
<!-- partials/state1.html -->
<h1>State 1</h1>
<hr/>
<a ui-sref="state1.list">Show List</a>
<div ui-view></div>
```
```html
<!-- partials/state2.html -->
<h1>State 2</h1>
<hr/>
<a ui-sref="state2.list">Show List</a>
<div ui-view></div>
```

**(4)** Next, we'll add some child templates. *These* will get plugged into the `ui-view` of their parent state templates.

>
```html
<!-- partials/state1.list.html -->
<h3>List of State 1 Items</h3>
<ul>
  <li ng-repeat="item in items">{{ item }}</li>
</ul>
```

>
```html
<!-- partials/state2.list.html -->
<h3>List of State 2 Things</h3>
<ul>
  <li ng-repeat="thing in things">{{ thing }}</li>
</ul>
```

**(5)** Finally, we'll wire it all up with `$stateProvider`. Set up your states in the module config, as in the following:


>
```javascript
myApp.config(function($stateProvider, $urlRouterProvider) {
  //
  // For any unmatched url, redirect to /state1
  $urlRouterProvider.otherwise("/state1");
  //
  // Now set up the states
  $stateProvider
    .state('state1', {
      url: "/state1",
      templateUrl: "partials/state1.html"
    })
    .state('state1.list', {
      url: "/list",
      templateUrl: "partials/state1.list.html",
      controller: function($scope) {
        $scope.items = ["A", "List", "Of", "Items"];
      }
    })
    .state('state2', {
      url: "/state2",
      templateUrl: "partials/state2.html"
    })
    .state('state2.list', {
      url: "/list",
      templateUrl: "partials/state2.list.html",
      controller: function($scope) {
        $scope.things = ["A", "Set", "Of", "Things"];
      }
    });
});
```

**(6)** See this quick start example in action.
>**[Go to Quick Start Plunker for Nested States & Views](http://plnkr.co/edit/u18KQc?p=preview)**

**(7)** This only scratches the surface
>**[Dive Deeper!](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki)**


### [Multiple & Named Views](http://plnkr.co/edit/SDOcGS?p=preview)

Another great feature is the ability to have multiple `ui-view`s view per template.

**Pro Tip:** *While multiple parallel views are a powerful feature, you'll often be able to manage your
interfaces more effectively by nesting your views, and pairing those views with nested states.*

**(1)** Follow the [setup](#get-started) instructions detailed above.

**(2)** Add one or more `ui-view` to your app, give them names.
>
```html
<!-- index.html -->
<body>
    <div ui-view="viewA"></div>
    <div ui-view="viewB"></div>
    <!-- Also a way to navigate -->
    <a ui-sref="route1">Route 1</a>
    <a ui-sref="route2">Route 2</a>
</body>
```

**(3)** Set up your states in the module config:
>
```javascript
myApp.config(function($stateProvider) {
  $stateProvider
    .state('index', {
      url: "",
      views: {
        "viewA": { template: "index.viewA" },
        "viewB": { template: "index.viewB" }
      }
    })
    .state('route1', {
      url: "/route1",
      views: {
        "viewA": { template: "route1.viewA" },
        "viewB": { template: "route1.viewB" }
      }
    })
    .state('route2', {
      url: "/route2",
      views: {
        "viewA": { template: "route2.viewA" },
        "viewB": { template: "route2.viewB" }
      }
    })
});
```

**(4)** See this quick start example in action.
>**[Go to Quick Start Plunker for Multiple & Named Views](http://plnkr.co/edit/SDOcGS?p=preview)**


## Resources

* [In-Depth Guide](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki)
* [API Reference](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/site)
* [Sample App](http://angular-ui.github.com/ui-router/sample/) ([Source](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/tree/gh-pages/sample))
* [FAQ](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions)
* [Slides comparing ngRoute to ui-router](http://slid.es/timkindberg/ui-router#/)
* [UI-Router Extras / Addons](http://christopherthielen.github.io/ui-router-extras/#/home) (@christopherthielen)
 
### Videos

* [Introduction Video](https://egghead.io/lessons/angularjs-introduction-ui-router) (egghead.io)
* [Tim Kindberg on Angular UI-Router](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBqiZSemrqg)
* [Activating States](https://egghead.io/lessons/angularjs-ui-router-activating-states) (egghead.io)
* [Learn Angular.js using UI-Router](http://youtu.be/QETUuZ27N0w) (LearnCode.academy)



## Reporting issues and Contributing

Please read our [Contributor guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before reporting an issue or creating a pull request.

Commit message:

(docs): Add jspm and cdn to 'get started' section

README.md, after:

# AngularUI Router &nbsp;[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/angular-ui/ui-router.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/angular-ui/ui-router)

#### The de-facto solution to flexible routing with nested views
---
**[Download 0.2.13](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/release/angular-ui-router.js)** (or **[Minified](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/release/angular-ui-router.min.js)**) **|**
**[Guide](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki) |**
**[API](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/site) |**
**[Sample](http://angular-ui.github.com/ui-router/sample/) ([Src](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/tree/gh-pages/sample)) |**
**[FAQ](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) |**
**[Resources](#resources) |**
**[Report an Issue](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#report-an-issue) |**
**[Contribute](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribute) |**
**[Help!](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=angularjs,angular-ui-router) |**
**[Discuss](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!categories/angular-ui/router)**

---

AngularUI Router is a routing framework for [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org), which allows you to organize the
parts of your interface into a [*state machine*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine). Unlike the
[`$route` service](http://docs.angularjs.org/api/ngRoute.$route) in the Angular ngRoute module, which is organized around URL
routes, UI-Router is organized around [*states*](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki),
which may optionally have routes, as well as other behavior, attached.

States are bound to *named*, *nested* and *parallel views*, allowing you to powerfully manage your application's interface.

Check out the sample app: http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/sample/

-
**Note:** *UI-Router is under active development. As such, while this library is well-tested, the API may change. Consider using it in production applications only if you're comfortable following a changelog and updating your usage accordingly.*


## Get Started

**(1)** Get UI-Router in one of the following ways:
 - clone & [build](CONTRIBUTING.md#developing) this repository
 - [download the release](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/release/angular-ui-router.js) (or [minified](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/release/angular-ui-router.min.js))
 - [link to cdn](http://cdnjs.com/libraries/angular-ui-router)
 - via **[jspm](jspm.io)**: by running `$ jspm install angular-ui-router` from your console
 - or via **[npm](https://www.npmjs.org/)**: by running `$ npm install angular-ui-router` from your console
 - or via **[Bower](http://bower.io/)**: by running `$ bower install angular-ui-router` from your console
 - or via **[Component](https://github.com/component/component)**: by running `$ component install angular-ui/ui-router` from your console

**(2)** Include `angular-ui-router.js` (or `angular-ui-router.min.js`) in your `index.html`, after including Angular itself (For Component users: ignore this step)

**(3)** Add `'ui.router'` to your main module's list of dependencies (For Component users: replace `'ui.router'` with `require('angular-ui-router')`)

When you're done, your setup should look similar to the following:

>
```html
<!doctype html>
<html ng-app="myApp">
<head>
    <script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.1.5/angular.min.js"></script>
    <script src="js/angular-ui-router.min.js"></script>
    <script>
        var myApp = angular.module('myApp', ['ui.router']);
        // For Component users, it should look like this:
        // var myApp = angular.module('myApp', [require('angular-ui-router')]);
    </script>
    ...
</head>
<body>
    ...
</body>
</html>
```

### [Nested States & Views](http://plnkr.co/edit/u18KQc?p=preview)

The majority of UI-Router's power is in its ability to nest states & views.

**(1)** First, follow the [setup](#get-started) instructions detailed above.

**(2)** Then, add a [`ui-view` directive](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki/Quick-Reference#ui-view) to the `<body />` of your app.

>
```html
<!-- index.html -->
<body>
    <div ui-view></div>
    <!-- We'll also add some navigation: -->
    <a ui-sref="state1">State 1</a>
    <a ui-sref="state2">State 2</a>
</body>
```

**(3)** You'll notice we also added some links with [`ui-sref` directives](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki/Quick-Reference#ui-sref). In addition to managing state transitions, this directive auto-generates the `href` attribute of the `<a />` element it's attached to, if the corresponding state has a URL. Next we'll add some templates. These will plug into the `ui-view` within `index.html`. Notice that they have their own `ui-view` as well! That is the key to nesting states and views.

>
```html
<!-- partials/state1.html -->
<h1>State 1</h1>
<hr/>
<a ui-sref="state1.list">Show List</a>
<div ui-view></div>
```
```html
<!-- partials/state2.html -->
<h1>State 2</h1>
<hr/>
<a ui-sref="state2.list">Show List</a>
<div ui-view></div>
```

**(4)** Next, we'll add some child templates. *These* will get plugged into the `ui-view` of their parent state templates.

>
```html
<!-- partials/state1.list.html -->
<h3>List of State 1 Items</h3>
<ul>
  <li ng-repeat="item in items">{{ item }}</li>
</ul>
```

>
```html
<!-- partials/state2.list.html -->
<h3>List of State 2 Things</h3>
<ul>
  <li ng-repeat="thing in things">{{ thing }}</li>
</ul>
```

**(5)** Finally, we'll wire it all up with `$stateProvider`. Set up your states in the module config, as in the following:


>
```javascript
myApp.config(function($stateProvider, $urlRouterProvider) {
  //
  // For any unmatched url, redirect to /state1
  $urlRouterProvider.otherwise("/state1");
  //
  // Now set up the states
  $stateProvider
    .state('state1', {
      url: "/state1",
      templateUrl: "partials/state1.html"
    })
    .state('state1.list', {
      url: "/list",
      templateUrl: "partials/state1.list.html",
      controller: function($scope) {
        $scope.items = ["A", "List", "Of", "Items"];
      }
    })
    .state('state2', {
      url: "/state2",
      templateUrl: "partials/state2.html"
    })
    .state('state2.list', {
      url: "/list",
      templateUrl: "partials/state2.list.html",
      controller: function($scope) {
        $scope.things = ["A", "Set", "Of", "Things"];
      }
    });
});
```

**(6)** See this quick start example in action.
>**[Go to Quick Start Plunker for Nested States & Views](http://plnkr.co/edit/u18KQc?p=preview)**

**(7)** This only scratches the surface
>**[Dive Deeper!](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki)**


### [Multiple & Named Views](http://plnkr.co/edit/SDOcGS?p=preview)

Another great feature is the ability to have multiple `ui-view`s view per template.

**Pro Tip:** *While multiple parallel views are a powerful feature, you'll often be able to manage your
interfaces more effectively by nesting your views, and pairing those views with nested states.*

**(1)** Follow the [setup](#get-started) instructions detailed above.

**(2)** Add one or more `ui-view` to your app, give them names.
>
```html
<!-- index.html -->
<body>
    <div ui-view="viewA"></div>
    <div ui-view="viewB"></div>
    <!-- Also a way to navigate -->
    <a ui-sref="route1">Route 1</a>
    <a ui-sref="route2">Route 2</a>
</body>
```

**(3)** Set up your states in the module config:
>
```javascript
myApp.config(function($stateProvider) {
  $stateProvider
    .state('index', {
      url: "",
      views: {
        "viewA": { template: "index.viewA" },
        "viewB": { template: "index.viewB" }
      }
    })
    .state('route1', {
      url: "/route1",
      views: {
        "viewA": { template: "route1.viewA" },
        "viewB": { template: "route1.viewB" }
      }
    })
    .state('route2', {
      url: "/route2",
      views: {
        "viewA": { template: "route2.viewA" },
        "viewB": { template: "route2.viewB" }
      }
    })
});
```

**(4)** See this quick start example in action.
>**[Go to Quick Start Plunker for Multiple & Named Views](http://plnkr.co/edit/SDOcGS?p=preview)**


## Resources

* [In-Depth Guide](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki)
* [API Reference](http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/site)
* [Sample App](http://angular-ui.github.com/ui-router/sample/) ([Source](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/tree/gh-pages/sample))
* [FAQ](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions)
* [Slides comparing ngRoute to ui-router](http://slid.es/timkindberg/ui-router#/)
* [UI-Router Extras / Addons](http://christopherthielen.github.io/ui-router-extras/#/home) (@christopherthielen)
 
### Videos

* [Introduction Video](https://egghead.io/lessons/angularjs-introduction-ui-router) (egghead.io)
* [Tim Kindberg on Angular UI-Router](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBqiZSemrqg)
* [Activating States](https://egghead.io/lessons/angularjs-ui-router-activating-states) (egghead.io)
* [Learn Angular.js using UI-Router](http://youtu.be/QETUuZ27N0w) (LearnCode.academy)



## Reporting issues and Contributing

Please read our [Contributor guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before reporting an issue or creating a pull request.
